Add Readme steps to "Sample: WebView2 Deployment VS installer" (#2017)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/samples/wv2deploymentvsinstallersample.md

<!-- 1. Close the sample app window. -->

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Step 5 - Create a Visual Studio installer for the Evergreen WebView2 Runtime

> This section highlights deployment workflows included in [Distribute your app and the WebView2 Runtime](/microsoft-edge/webview2/concepts/distribution#deploying-the-evergreen-webview2-runtime) _Deploying the Evergreen WebView2 Runtime_ to complete the following tasks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section highlights deployment workflows included in [Deploying the Evergreen WebView2 Runtime](/microsoft-edge/webview2/concepts/distribution#deploying-the-evergreen-webview2-runtime) in _Distribute your app and the WebView2 Runtime_ to complete the following tasks:
```

* Download the Evergreen WebView2 Runtime Bootstrapper using a link.
* Package the Evergreen WebView2 Runtime Bootstrapper.
* Package the Evergreen WebView2 Runtime Standalone Installer.

### Build Steps

Complete these steps to edit and run the project.

1. Start Visual Studio.

1. Open the local copy of the `WebView2Samples` repo.

1. Edit the `product.xml` file depending on the workflow you wish to use.

    * For "Package the Evergreen WebView2 Runtime Bootstrapper",
        * Within the `<PackageFiles CopyAllPackageFiles="false">` and `</PackageFiles>` section, un-comment the line `<PackageFile Name="MicrosoftEdgeWebview2Setup.exe" />` and comment out other lines.

>         * Within the `<Commands Reboot="Defer">` and `</Commands>` section, make sure `PackageFile` points to `"MicrosoftEdgeWebview2Setup.exe"` so that the VS installer is using the Bootstrapper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * Within the `<Commands Reboot="Defer">` and `</Commands>` section, make sure `PackageFile` points to `"MicrosoftEdgeWebview2Setup.exe"` so that the Visual Studio installer is using the Bootstrapper.
```

    * For "Download the Evergreen WebView2 Runtime Bootstrapper through link",
        * Within the `<PackageFiles CopyAllPackageFiles="false">` and `</PackageFiles>` section, un-comment the line `<PackageFile Name="MicrosoftEdgeWebview2Setup.exe" HomeSite="WebViewRuntime" PublicKey="..."/>` and comment out other lines. Note that the `PublicKey` for the WebView2 Runtime Bootstrapper may change without notice and we are working on addressing this issue. For now, you may need to replace it with an updated `PublicKey`.

>         * Within the `<Commands Reboot="Defer">` and `</Commands>` section, make sure `PackageFile` points to `"MicrosoftEdgeWebview2Setup.exe"` so that the VS installer is using the Bootstrapper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * Within the `<Commands Reboot="Defer">` and `</Commands>` section, make sure `PackageFile` points to `"MicrosoftEdgeWebview2Setup.exe"` so that the Visual Studio installer is using the Bootstrapper.
```

    * For "Package the Evergreen WebView2 Runtime Standalone Installer",
        * Within the `<PackageFiles CopyAllPackageFiles="false">` and `</PackageFiles>` section, un-comment the line `<PackageFile Name="MicrosoftEdgeWebView2RuntimeInstallerX64.exe" />` and comment out other lines.

>         * Within the `<Commands Reboot="Defer">` and `</Commands>` section, make sure `PackageFile` points to `"MicrosoftEdgeWebView2RuntimeInstallerX64.exe"` so that the VS installer is using the Standalone Installer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * Within the `<Commands Reboot="Defer">` and `</Commands>` section, make sure `PackageFile` points to `"MicrosoftEdgeWebView2RuntimeInstallerX64.exe"` so that the Visual Studio installer is using the Standalone Installer.
```

        * If you're targeting non-X64 devices, edit the `MicrosoftEdgeWebView2RuntimeInstallerX64` filename to reflect the correct architecture.

1. If you plan to package either the Bootstrapper or the Standalone Installer, download [Microsoft Edge WebView2](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/webview2/) Bootstrapper or the Standalone Installer and save it in the `WV2DeploymentVSInstallerSample` folder.

1. Copy the `WV2DeploymentVSInstallerSample` folder, and paste it in either folder:
   1. `Program Files (x86)\Microsoft SDKs\ClickOnce Bootstrapper\Packages\`, or,

>    1. `<VS Install Dir>\MSBuild\Microsoft\VisualStudio\BootstrapperPackages\` (requires at least VS 2019 Update 7).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. `<Visual Studio Install Dir>\MSBuild\Microsoft\VisualStudio\BootstrapperPackages\` (requires at least Visual Studio 2019 Update 7).
```
